API Generator: Support relation with primary key type `int` (in addition to `integer`) (#2118)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/nine-comics-design.md

---
"@comet/cms-api": patch
---

> CRUD Generator: support relation with primaryKey type int (in addition to integer)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Generator: Support relation with primary key type `int` (in addition to `integer`)
```
